Fotografija Fotografij
koja
se
proširila proširi
društvenim društven
mrežama mrež
prikazuje prikazuj
trojicu trojic
ljudi ljud
u
stanju stanj
omamljenosti omamljenost
na
ulici ulic
u
engleskom englesk
gradu grad
Bridgendu Bridgend
nakon
što
su
konzumirali konzumir
opasnu opasn
drogu drog
koju
se
popularno popularn
naziva naziv
Spice Spic
zaèin zaèin
Policija Policij
je
potaknuta potakn
ovom
fotografijom fotografij
pozvala pozva
graðane graðan
da
se
suprotstave suprotstav
zloupotrebi zloupotreb
narkotika narkotik
piše piš
BBC BBC
Fotografija Fotografij
prikazuje prikazuj
trojicu trojic
muškaraca muškarc
u
centru centr
grada grad
Bridgenda Bridgend
u
blizini blizin
igrališta igrališt
na
kojem
se
igraju igraj
djeca djec
Na
slici slic
izgledaju izgleda
poput
zombija zombij
Kasnije Kasn
se
pojavila pojavi
i
fotografija fotografij
muškarca muškarc
koji
se
izvalio izvali
na
jednu jedn
gradsku gradsk
klupu klup
takoðer
nakon
konzumiranja konzumiranj
Spicea Spice
   
Iz
policije policij
su
komentirali komentir
da
ova
droga dr
ima im
izrazito izrazit
štetan štetn
uèinak uèinak
na
zajednicu zajednic
Spice Spic
je
ilegalna ilegaln
psihoaktivna psihoaktivn
droga dr
kreirana kreiran
da
oponaša oponaš
efekte efekt
kanabisa kanabis
ali
može
imati imat
snažan snažan
negativan negativn
efekt efekt
na
organizam organizm
piše piš
BBC BBC
Ovaj
narkotik narkotik
je
prisutan prisutan
i
u
Hrvatskoj Hrvatsk
Kako
stoji stoj
u
opisu opis
na
stranici stranic
Ureda Ured
za
suzbijanje suzbijanj
zlouporaba zlouporab
droga dr
hrvatske hrvatsk
Vlade Vlad
Spice Spic
se
odnosi odnos
na
širok širok
spektar spektar
biljnih biljn
mješavina mješavin
koje
izazivaju izaziva
iskustva iskustv
slièna slièn
onim
pri
konzumiranju konzumiranj
marihuana marihuan
kanabisa kanabis
i
koji
se
prodaju proda
kao
sigurne sigurn
legalne legaln
alternative alternativ
te
droge drog
Prodaje Prodaj
se
pod
mnogim mnog
imenima imen
ukljuèujuæi ukljuèujuæ
K
lažna lažn
trava trav
fake fak
weed weed
Yucatan Yucatn
Fire Fir
Skunk Skunk
Moon Moon
Rocks Rocks
Galaxy Galaxy
Rainbow Rainbow
te
ostalima osta
pri
èemu
je
navedeno naveden
da
nisu
za
ljudsku ljudsk
uporabu uporab
Ti
proizvodi proizvod
sadrže sadrž
sasušene sasušen
isjeckane isjeckan
biljke biljk
i
kemijske kemijsk
aditive aditiv
koji
su
odgovorni odgovorn
za
psihoaktivne psihoaktivn
efekte efekt
mijenjaju mijenja
stanje stanj
svijesti svijest
Jedna Jedn
vrsta vrst
te
droge drog
veæ
je
donijela donijel
smrt smrt
i
u
Hrvatskoj Hrvatsk
poèetkom poèetk
godine godin
kada
se
u
smart smart
shopovima shopov
prodavao prodava
herbal herba
mix mix
ili
èak
osvježivaè osvježivaè
zraka zrak
Proizvoðaèi Proizvoðaè
te
droge drog
kupuju kupuj
materijal materijal
na
veliko velik
preko
interneta internet
i
špricaju špricaj
ga
sintetièkim sintetièk
kemikalijama kemikalij
koje
imaju im
snažan snažan
psihoaktivni psihoaktivn
uèinak uèinak
Jutarnji Jutarnj
list list
Copyright Copyright
© ©
HANZA HANZA
MEDIA MEDIA
d d
o
o
Sva
prava prav
pridržana pridržan
Promo Prom
Izdvajamo Izdvaja
Najèitanije Najèitanij
