U
zagrebaèkoj zagrebaèk
Operi Oper
æe
se
svibnja svibnj
održati održat
posljednja posljednj
ovosezonska ovosezonsk
operna opern
premijera premijer
Puccinijeva Puccinijev
Turandot Turandot
pod
ravnanjem ravnanj
maestro maestr
Marcella Marcell
Mottadellija Mottadelli
Predstava  Predstava 
je
nastala nasta
u
koprodukciji koprodukcij
izmeðu
Hrvatskoga Hrvatsk
narodnog narodn
kazališta kazališt
u
Zagrebu Zagreb
i
Associazione Associazion
Arena Aren
Sferisterio Sferisteri
Macerata Macerat
Opera Oper
Festivala Festiva
kao
kreativni kreativn
project project
Ricci Ricc
Forte Fort
a
u
režiji režij
Stefana Stefan
Riccija Riccij
scenografiji scenografij
i
oblikovanju oblikovanj
svjetla svjetl
Nicolasa Nicolas
Boveyja Boveyj
kostimografiji kostimografij
Gianluce Gianluc
Sbicce Sbicc
zborovoða zborovoð
je
Luka Luk
Vukšiæ Vukšiæ
scenski scensk
pokret pokret
je
napravila napravi
Marta Mart
Bevilacqua Bevilacqu
asistenti asistent
dirigenta dirigent
su
Darijan Darijan
Iveziæ Iveziæ
i
Ivan Ivan
Josip Josip
Skender Skender
asistentica asistentic
redatelja redatelj
Liliana Lilian
Laera Laer
asistent asistent
kostimografa kostimograf
Gianluca Gianluc
Carrozza Carrozz
   
U
predstavi predstav
nastupaju nastupa
   
Rebeka Rebek
Lokar Lokar
Tanya Tany
Ivanova Ivanov
Turandot Turandot
Božimir Božimir
Lovriæ Lovriæ
Tvrtko Tvrtk
Stipiæ Stipiæ
car car
Altoum Altoum
Renzo Renz
Zulian Zulian
Kamen Kamen
Tchanev  Tchanev 
Nepoznati Nepozna
princ princ
Calaf Calaf
Berislav Berislav
Puškariæ Puškariæ
Siniša Siniš
Štork Štork
Timur Timur
svrgnuti svrgn
tatarski tatarsk
kraj
Valentina Valentin
Fijaèko Fijaèk
Kobiæ Kobiæ
Adela Adel
Golac Golc
Riloviæ Riloviæ
Li
robinja robinj
Davor Davor
Radiæ Radiæ
Leon Leon
Košaviæ  Košaviæ 
Ping Ping
carski carsk
ministar ministr
Mario Mari
Filipoviæ Filipoviæ
Siniša Siniš
Galoviæ Galoviæ
Pang Pang
carski carsk
ministar ministr
Ivo Ivo
Gamulin Gamulin
Ladislav Ladislav
Vrgoè Vrgoè
Pong Pong
carski carsk
ministar ministr
Neven Neven
Paleèek Paleèek
Ozren Ozren
Bilušiæ Bilušiæ
Mandarin Mandarin
uz
orkestar orkestar
i
zbor zbor
Hrvatskoga Hrvatsk
narodnog narodn
kazališta kazališt
Marko Mark
Ecegoviæ  Ecegoviæ 
Turandot Turandot
je
posljednja posljednj
opera oper
velikoga velik
talijanskog talijansk
skladatelja skladatelj
Giacoma Giacom
Puccinija Puccin
koju
shrvan shrvan
teškom tešk
bolešæu bolešæ
i
smræu smræ
nije
uspio uspi
dovršiti dovršit
Operu Oper
je
dovršio dovrši
skladatelj skladatelj
Franco Franc
Alfano Alfan
dvije dvij
godine godin
kasnije kasn
U
nastojanju nastojanj
da
se
odmakne odmakn
od
verizma verizm
Puccini Puccin
je
posegnuo posegn
za
njemaèkom njemaèk
obradom obrad
legende legend
o
kineskoj kinesk
princezi princez
Turandot Turandot
koju
je
prije
toga
obradio obradi
talijanski talijansk
pisac pisc
Carlo Carl
Gozzi Gozz
dok
se
ishodišna ishodišn
prièa priè
temelji temelj
na
starome starom
perzijskom perzijsk
epu ep
iz
stoljeæa stoljeæ
Libreto Libret
su
suraðujuæi suraðujuæ
sa
skladateljem skladatelj
napisali napisa
Giuseppe Giusepp
Adami Adam
i
Renato Renat
Simoni Simon
Marko Mark
Ecegoviæ  Ecegoviæ 
Okrutna Okrutn
kineska kinesk
princeza princez
Turandot Turandot
prisiljava prisiljav
svoje
potencijalne potencijaln
plemenite plemen
prosce prosc
da
odgovore odgovor
na
tri tr
zagonetna zagonetn
pitanja pitanj
Veæ
je
mnoge mnog
pogubila pogubi
kad kad
se
Nepoznati Nepozna
princ princ
mladi mlad
Calaf Calaf
koji
skriva skriv
svoje
ime im
beznadno beznadn
zaljubi zaljub
u
princezu princez
Marko Mark
Ercegoviæ  Ercegoviæ 
Iako
ga
svi
preklinju preklinj
neka
odustane odustan
on
ipak
pristaje prista
odgovarati odgovara
na
zagonetna zagonetn
pitanja pitanj
a
kada
uspije uspij
želi
smekšati smekšat
Turandot Turandot
ljubavlju ljubavlj
ne
želeæi
je
silom si
dobiti dobi
za
ženu žen
Poslije
mnogih mnog
dramatiènih dramatièn
dogaðanja dogaðanj
Calaf Calaf
i
Turandot Turandot
izlaze izlaz
pred
narod narod
koji
slavi slav
ljubav ljubav
jer  jer 
je
uspjela uspjel
pobijediti pobijedi
hladnu hladn
i
ponosnu ponosn
princezu princez
Ova
vrlo vrl
raskošna raskošn
i
popularna popularn
Puccinijeva Puccinijev
troèinska troèinsk
opera oper
prepuna prepun
je
prekrasnih prekrasn
arija arij
i
sugestivnih sugestivn
prizora prizor
u
kojima
se
izmjenjuju izmjenjuj
velike velik
scene scen
s
komornim komorn
prizorima prizor
punim pun
dramatike dramatik
i
napetosti napetost
doèaravajuæi doèaravajuæ
svijet svijet
daleke dalek
Kine Kin
Marko Mark
Ercegoviæ  Ercegoviæ 
Jutarnji Jutarnj
list list
Copyright Copyright
© ©
HANZA HANZA
MEDIA MEDIA
d d
o
o
Sva
prava prav
pridržana pridržan
Promo Prom
Izdvajamo Izdvaja
Najèitanije Najèitanij
