Roštiljanje Roštiljanj
je
veæ
odavno odavn
prestalo presta
biti bit
samo
stvar stvar
izbora izbor
veæ
je
postalo posta
svojevrsni svojevrsn
ritual ritua
u
kojemu
se
odaje odaj
najsvetija najsvetij
poèast poèast
dobrom dobr
komadu komad
mesa mes
Pripremili Pripremi
Nenad Nenad
Kralj Kralj
i
Pantelija Pantelij
Pekiæ Pekiæ
A
ima im
li
omiljenije omiljen
poslastice poslastic
s
grilla grill
od
dobrog dobr
burgera burger
Ako
pitate pita
pripadnike pripadnik
naših
redova red
jednoglasno jednoglasn
æe
vam
potvrditi potvrdi
da
pljeskavica pljeskavic
sljubljena sljubljen
sa
svježim svjež
umacima umac
i
domaæim domaæ
pecivom peciv
osvaja osvaj
zlatnu zlatn
medalju medalj
kad kad
su
delicije delicij
s
roštilja roštilj
u
pitanju pitanj
Nije
da
nam
je
potreban potreban
poseban poseban
povod povod
ali
dobrano dobran
smo
zakoraèili zakoraèi
u
proljeæe proljeæ
a
nismo
organizirali organizir
druženje druženj
na
otvorenom otvoren
Mario Mari
Kuèera  Kuèera 
To
smo
sada
ispravili ispravi
Nenad Nenad
Kralj Kralj
i
Pantelija Pantelij
Pekiæ Pekiæ
iz
Gastronomada Gastronomad
su
bili
zaduženi zadužen
za
pripremu priprem
mesa mes
nezaobilazne nezaobilazn
umake umak
i
peciva peciv
a
uredništvo uredništv
Dobre Dobr
hrane hran
za
osvježavajuæe osvježavajuæ
napitke napitk
i
šarene šaren
salate salat
Mario Mari
Kuèera  Kuèera 
Mario Mari
Kuèera Kuèer
Mario Mari
Kuèera Kuèer
Mario Mari
Kuèera  Kuèera 
Odluèili Odluèi
smo
raditi radi
pet pet
burgera burger
juneæi juneæ
svinjski svinjsk
pureæi pureæ
janjeæi janjeæ
i
posljednji posljednj
koji
je
trebao
biti bit
božanstvena božanstven
mutacija mutacij
ove
èetiri èetir
vrste vrst
mesa mes
Što
je
na
koncu konc
i
postao posta
Nakon
vješto vješt
naložene naložen
vatre vatr
spretno spretn
smo
se
bacili baci
na
formiranje formiranj
pljeskavica pljeskavic
Neupitno Neupitn
je
da
je
tajna tajn
svakog
dobrog dobr
burgera burger
naravno
i
dobro dobr
meso mes
Mario Mari
Kuèera Kuèer
Mario Mari
Kuèera Kuèer
Mario Mari
Kuèera  Kuèera 
Prilikom Prilik
kupovine kupovin
mesa mes
u
lokalnoj lokaln
mesnici mesnik
obratite obratit
pozornost pozornost
na
nekoliko
stvari stvar
Prvo Prv
nemojte nemojt
kupovati kupova
gotove gotov
mljevene mljeven
smjese smjes
iz
jednostavnog jednostavn
razloga razlog
ne
znate zna
što
se
u
njima
nalazi nalaz
Mario Mari
Kuèera Kuèer
Mario Mari
Kuèera Kuèer
Mario Mari
Kuèera  Kuèera 
U
burgerima burger
koje
smo
mi
radili radi
smo
koristili koristi
dijelove dijelov
kao
što
su
pleæka pleæk
i
vrat vra
a
za
pureæi pureæ
smo
odabrali odabra
zabatak zabatk
s
kožom kož
Burgeri Burger
bez
umaka umak
nikako
nisu
potpuni potpun
a
deèki deèk
su
se
potrudili potrudi
napraviti napravi
pravu prav
malu mal
gozbu gozb
Svježi Svjež
guacamole guacamol
za
pureæi pureæ
burger burger
aioli aiol
i
BBQ BBQ
umak umak
za
burger burger
od
svinjetine svinjetin
klasièni klasièn
hambi hamb
umak umak
je
savršeno savršen
nadopunio nadopuni
juneæi juneæ
burger burger
za
špekom špek
a
umak umak
od
jogurta jogurt
i
mente ment
je
ljubio ljubi
janjetinu janjetin
Mario Mari
Kuèera Kuèer
Mario Mari
Kuèera  Kuèera 
Mario Mari
Kuèera  Kuèera 
Preostalo Preosta
nam
je
samo
zasukati zasuka
rukave rukav
i
uživati uživa
u
ovim
gurmanskim gurmansk
remek remek
djelima djel
èije
æete
recepte recept
nadamo nada
se
i
vi
isprobati isproba
na
svom
sljedeæem sljedeæ
druženju druženj
na
otvorenom otvoren
Mario Mari
Kuèera Kuèer
Mario Mari
Kuèera  Kuèera 
Mario Mari
Kuèera  Kuèera 
   
Mario Mari
Kuèera Kuèer
Jutarnji Jutarnj
list list
Copyright Copyright
© ©
HANZA HANZA
MEDIA MEDIA
d d
o
o
Sva
prava prav
pridržana pridržan
Izdvajamo Izdvaja
Najèitanije Najèitanij
Iz
drugih drug
medija medij
