Jednog Jedn
zatvorenika zatvorenik
su
sati sat
zaboravili zaboravi
na
slobodi slobod
Drugi Drug
je
pokušao pokuš
silovati silova
službenicu službenic
Treæi Treæ
je
nožem nož
napao napa
zatvorenika zatvorenik
A
sad sad
i
masovna masovn
pobuna pobun
zbog
trovanja trovanj
Njih
sa
istim ist
simptomima simptom
Što
se
dogaða dogað
u
Glinskoj Glinsk
kaznionici kaznionic
U
Kaznionici Kaznionic
u
Glini Glin
došlo došl
je
do
masovne masovn
pobune pobun
zatvorenika zatvorenik
doznaje dozna
Provjereno Provjeren
Naime Naim
èak
zatvorenika zatvorenik
navodno
je
prije
dva dva
tjedna tjedn
otrovano otrovan
hranom hran
Javili Javi
su
da
imaju im
probavne probavn
smetnje smetnj
i
nastao nasta
je
opæi opæ
kaos kaos
u
zatvoru zatvor
kazao kaza
je
neimenovani neimenovan
svjedok svjedok
Iako
su
voditelji voditelj
zatvora zatvor
naredili naredi
ispitivanje ispitivanj
hrane hran
koja
je
poslužena poslužen
zatvorenicima zatvorenik
o
nalazu nalaz
se
još
uvijek
šuti šut
Dio Di
zatvorenika zatvorenik
je
bio
otrovan otrovan
otprilike otprilik
nekih
posto post
njih
kaže kaž
sugovornik sugovornik
Provjerenog Provjeren
Ovo
navodno
nije
bio
jedini jedin
incident incident
u
posljednje posljednj
vrijeme vrijem
no
o
njima
se
ne
prièa priè
Osim
što
su
jednog jedn
od
zatvorenika zatvorenik
zaboravili zaboravi
na
slobodi slobod
i
to
punih pun
osam osa
sati sat
navodno
je
jedan jedan
od
zatvorenika zatvorenik
pokušao pokuš
silovati silova
službenicu službenic
Skladište Skladišt
je
bilo
puno pun
kose kos
Ona
je
bila
krvava krvav
On
je
nju
pokušao pokuš
silovati silova
prièaju priè
sugovornici sugovornic
Provjerenog Provjeren
   
Jutarnji Jutarnj
list list
Copyright Copyright
© ©
HANZA HANZA
MEDIA MEDIA
d d
o
o
Sva
prava prav
pridržana pridržan
Izdvajamo Izdvaja
Najèitanije Najèitanij
